<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
       <title>Ch04 - Let’s Deal With the Bandits Somehow</title>
       <link href="/styles/common.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Ch04 - Let’s Deal With the Bandits Somehow</h1>
<div class="block">Two days passed since I was summoned.<br/>
Somehow or another my DP is even 179, no, it’s 180 now. I could summon nine goblins.<br/>
By the way, I know the reason why the dungeon core wasn’t destroyed. They used it as a hot water bottle.<br/>
The dungeon core shined faintly and was slightly warm.<br/>
The bandits’ boss made the dungeon core room his bed, I understood when he put his feet up on the dungeon core and fell asleep. As expected, when I wanted to see how things were going outside, I pulled up the app and saw the dirty soles of his feet on the wall.<br/>
He kicked dungeon core-san in the heart.</div>
<div class="block">“W-well? Even I can earn DP if it’s these guys? It’s a win-win you know? Fufun.”</div>
<div class="block">Knowing that her heart was being rolled around by some smelly feet, the blonde-haired loli dungeon core was almost in tears. I saw something adorable.</div>
<div class="block">“Now then, is there anything to do…”<br/>
“Summon something! Summon goblins for a slaughter!? Ah, a 150 DP lizardman would be good! That guy would never forgive that boss, he’ll stab him over and over!”<br/>
“Idiot. Someone like that would just be stabbed instead.”</div>
<div class="block">Seems that she was humiliated by her heart being treated like a heater after all.</div>
<div class="block">“There are eight enemies, our war potential is overwhelmingly insufficient. If you didn’t summon a goblin to begin with, we would have saved a bit more on food expenses.”<br/>
“Hmph, I didn’t know about that guy’s maintenance costs… wait, didn’t you also use some of the DP to summon a [Futon]!?”</div>
<div class="block">And another thing, it seems you can see anywhere inside the dungeon from the dungeon core. It was a function of the menu.<br/>
By the way, Rokuko didn’t know that. That makes sense, since it wasn’t a needed feature if you only had a single room.</div>
<div class="block">“But, what do we do?”<br/>
“Ah, what… hey, what about letters? Can Rokuko write? Can the bandits read?”<br/>
“If that’s it… Yea, I can write. I wonder if the bandits can’t read? They seemed to read a book of their spoils, so if it’s easy.”<br/>
“I see. Then, please write down what I say out loud for a sec.”<br/>
“Oka~y.”</div>
<p class="elypsys">♦ ♦ ♦</p>
<div class="block">“Booooss! Please wake up!”<br/>
“Ngah…?”</div>
<div class="block">When the bandit boss woke up in the cave, there was a box.<br/>
Was something like this here yesterday? No, there wasn’t. I would have noticed it before.</div>
<div class="block">“What’s this? How’d it get here?”<br/>
“I dunno. But Rodriguez was on guard and said no one came in.”<br/>
“So what, did this just appear out of thin air?”<br/>
“So… what now?”</div>
<div class="block">I checked the box, but it doesn’t look like there are traps set on it. When I carefully opened the box, there was a steel helmet in it.<br/>
This is a good item, and new at that.</div>
<div class="block">“Hey, isn’t this pretty good? Seems like it’d sell for a lot. I might even use it.”<br/>
“Boss, there’s something written on the bottom of the box.”<br/>
“Hm? What’s this shit… writing? Oi! Braken, you should be able to read these, read em!”<br/>
“Yah! Lesseee?”</div>
<div class="block">Showing the box to his underling to read it, it was read.<br/>
The content was unexpected.</div>
<div class="block">[I–am–the–danjun–cor. Thank–you–for–defeating–goblins. This–is–a–gift. If–there’s–more–done, I–can–give–more.]</div>
<div class="block">“Dungeon core…? Oi, this is a dungeon?”<br/>
“Eh, no, this place was called an [Ordinary Cave].”<br/>
“Ah, hold up boss! When I was an adventurer I heard this dungeon was named [Ordinary Cave]!”<br/>
“Is that true Johnny!?”</div>
<div class="block">The bandit boss was startled.<br/>
There was something glittering from the ground, the warmth felt good when he placed his feet on it. Perhaps, was that the dungeon core?<br/>
He hadn’t heard of being able to talk with dungeon cores, but this was a letter from the dungeon core. To say this was someone’s trick… no one came in even with someone standing watch, and there’s this steel helmet no one could have prepared.<br/>
And according to the letter, the steel helmet seems to be a gift for defeating the goblins.<br/>
Perhaps it was the goblins near the dungeon core that he kicked out when he came to the cave. For a bandit boss, five goblins were nothing but small fry. To get a steel helmet like this just for beating some small fry…<br/>
“Oi oi are you serious…? I see my luck’s turning around…!”</div>
<div class="block">Stories of dungeons are famous. There’s a dungeon called [White Labyrinth] in the imperial capital.<br/>
No, the imperial capital was made where the dungeon was already at after all.<br/>
As for the dungeon, there were monsters, but it was a place that produced various treasures, like magic armor. And this is a dungeon. However, there haven’t been any monsters so far. If I had to say anything, there were just the five goblins when we came here. And then there’s this treasure. This steel helmet.</div>
<div class="block">“It seems I pleased this dungeon.”</div>
<div class="block">The bandit boss grinned.<br/>
The dungeon produced treasure for the person who pleased it… in other words, it was the same as holding infinite riches.<br/>
[If there’s more done, I can give more.]<br/>
Come to think of it, the goblin corpses had disappeared before they realized it. They thought someone’s subordinate cleaned it up though…<br/>
So that means, in other words, it was something like that.<br/>
The box that had contained the steel helmet also disappeared before they realized it.</div>
<p class="elypsys">♦ ♦ ♦</p>
<div class="block">“Whyyyyyyyyyy!! Him-! Why-! Why did we reward someone like that guy-!?”</div>
<div class="block">The blonde-haired loli was writhing about.<br/>
[Pen and Ink] was 5 DP, [Wooden Box] was 5 DP, and [High Quality Steel Helm] was 170 DP.<br/>
And spending the DP I had, we’re broke at 0 DP now.<br/>
I used all of the DP to give a [Present] to the bandit’s boss.</div>
<div class="block">“Why!? It wouldn’t have been very difficult to summon goblins!”<br/>
“Then die when they fail? Hahaha, sorry. I don’t want to die yet. I want to sleep.”<br/>
“T-that’s why, you’re… a, a traitor!”<br/>
“We’ve gained some time with this for now. Since we’ll massacre them before long, calm down.”<br/>
“Eh?”</div>
<div class="block">Maybe because she was astonished that the word massacre came out of my mouth, but Rokuko exposed a goofy face.</div>
<div class="block">“Why? You, since you’re human, didn’t you give a tribute in order to help them?”<br/>
“Hah? I just want to be safe in my bed. Even so, why should I leave dangerous guys like bandits alone?”<br/>
“Eeh… we-well then, shouldn’t you be hesitating in taking care of people of the same race?”<br/>
“I don’t know. I want to sleep. Besides, that doesn’t mean I’ll take care of them directly… Ah, since there’s nothing left to do today I’m going to sleep. Alright, good night.”</div>
<div class="block">I took out the futon and laid down.</div>
<div class="block">“W-w-wait up! Please explain a bit more!”<br/>
“It can’t be helped huh… then I’ll explain some more. Tomorrow. Good night.”<br/>
“D-don’t slee–!? …!”</div>
<div class="block">As I fell asleep, I heard Rokuko’s voice fade out.<br/>
It seems the order from the first day is still effective. Good night.</div>
    </body>
</html>
