<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
       <title>Ch07 - The Bandits’ Boss</title>
       <link href="/styles/common.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Ch07 - The Bandits’ Boss</h1>
<div class="block">In the end, two days passed by uneventfully since I added more rooms.<br/>
The bandits seems to have taken a vacation and spent all of their time in the dungeon, half of them laying down drinking sake. I thought they’d attack travelers and merchants every day, bit it seems I was wrong. They were taking a holiday while their boss was out overnight, I wonder what he’s doing?<br/>
Well, it’s fine though since thanks to that I got a lot of DP with just that little.</div>
<div class="block">Well, the boss came back with seven more thugs.<br/>
Though I guess he invited them from somewhere, their strength… even if I calculate the DP backwards from coming in, they’re just thugs after all.<br/>
One person was roughly between 10-15 DP per day, so seven more people increases the daily income by around 70-105 DP? Simply delicious. In addition to that, when they went out they came back with a young person that was probably an adventurer.<br/>
Yep, gagged and tied with rope, it was a woman.<br/>
They started stabbing the young person with their swords as I thought that. These people are scary.<br/>
When the slaughter finished, they watched the pool of blood be absorbed by the dungeon in mute amazement.</div>
<div class="block">“Oh, a decent amount of DP came in. 300 DP huh.”<br/>
“… Goblin Lover Rokuko, don’t summon fifteen goblins.”</div>
<div class="block">Oh yeah. It was a present to the dungeon, yeah. Wasn’t their effort good? Let’s reward them…<br/>
So, since it seems that it took a considerable amount of time for them to stab the adventurer to death, I decided to give them a sharp iron sword (150 DP). 520 DP left. I want to save up more…</div>
<div class="block">“Hey, I wanted you to add something like more rooms ya know?”</div>
<div class="block">Seeing this, even though the bandit’s boss had the sword in his hand, he complained while dissatisfied.<br/>
What’s with you, even though I took great pains to bless you with a sword.</div>
<div class="block">“Haah, say that earlier, whatever.”<br/>
“What now? Going to make a room?”<br/>
“I don’t feel like using more DP… ah, that’s right.”</div>
<p class="elypsys">♦ ♦ ♦</p>
<div class="block">Going to town, I went to sell the plundered goods.<br/>
Well, even though I say that I went to town, more precisely I went to a slum around the outer wall.<br/>
As I expected, public order wasn’t so bad that a bandit boss like me could go inside the walls… it’d be different if I did a bit of bribing though.<br/>
Ah, about the steel helmet I got from the dungeon, I decided to not sell it and use it. It’s probably good to take care of something like a first present.<br/>
Well, I obtained seven new companions from the street.<br/>
Street thugs, people in my profession, runaway slaves… well, everyone gives off that kind of feeling.<br/>
While I was at it, I attacked and stunned a brat adventurer who was walking along the path, bringing them back to the base.<br/>
Hahaha, it really is a dangerous place away from the city. Rookies shouldn’t come to the mountainside by themselves ya know.<br/>
Because of that, I took put it in the dungeon for it to make another room, feeding it the corpse. The seven new companions had surprised faces when they saw a stiff being completely eaten by the ground.</div>
<div class="block">“Boss, a box came out!”<br/>
“Ooh… wait, what’s this? A sword?”</div>
<div class="block">A sword was put into the box.<br/>
An iron sword. The item was a better quality than I’d used so far.<br/>
But, that isn’t what I want right now. I want a room.<br/>
As expected, with seven more people it’s cramped. Well, it was six people in a small room before. Thinking about the two people rotating out to stand guard, entering the rooms that were increased to three was cramped. I want a new room soon.</div>
<div class="block">When I mumbled that, a new box came out.</div>
<div class="block">“Yeah, what is it this time?”</div>
<div class="block">Taking the box, [Since it wasn’t enough to make a new room, make one yourself] was written on the bottom of it.<br/>
Inside were three brand new pickaxes.</div>
    </body>
</html>
