<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
       <title>Ch09 - Let’s Use DP</title>
       <link href="/styles/common.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Ch09 - Let’s Use DP</h1>
<div class="block">“What’s this, so good! [Melon Bread] is stupidly good! Kehma, you eat delicious things like this!?”</div>
<div class="block">The slovenly dungeon core seemed anxious about the melon bread, taking a bite of it. She scoffed up this rest of it with sparkling eyes.<br/>
You can eat bread? I mean you can eat things? That’s the first time I saw it.</div>
<div class="block">“W-what? Even I can eat food!”<br/>
“But, isn’t it unneeded?<br/>
“Though that’s right, it’s a luxury. Luxuries… isn’t there more?”</div>
<div class="block">As far as this goes, it’s 5 DP for one you know? For a set of drinks that is.<br/>
Since it comes with an assortment of six sweet rolls, it was haughty to ask for a set.<br/>
No, I also gave the bandits a bread assortment. She didn’t notice.<br/>
Additionally, since it was a cheap 5 DP for a barrel of beverages… it felt considerably overpriced…<br/>
“Well, there are various kinds of bread, but we wouldn’t be saving DP…”<br/>
“I-isn’t it ok? We have 2000 now you know? S-so, i-if we use just a little…”</div>
<div class="block">Ah, her eyes were serious.</div>
<div class="block">“You even used it on your own to buy a [Pillow] and a [Futon]! Isn’t a little for me fine!?”<br/>
“Even though I gave you a goblin~?”<br/>
“Wha-! G-Gobsuke has nothing to do with this! Besides, doesn’t Kehma use 20 DP every day for food to eat!”</div>
<div class="block">When did you name it!? That’s news to me!</div>
<div class="block">“Rather, I give the goblin half of my meal. The goblin actually costs more than 20 DP due to maintenance costs… rather isn’t he a good-for-nothing with our present condition? He’s comple~tely your pet now right?”<br/>
“T-that’s not it! Gobsuke can be helpful! Right, Gobsuke!?”</div>
<div class="block">The subject suddenly changed, Gobsuke stared blankly in puzzlement with a [Eh? What, why did this the conversation shift?].<br/>
I wondered, it felt like the fangs jutting out under it’s nose looked made it’s face look doggish.<br/>
… Would it eat dog food?</div>
<div class="block">“Whatever. Honestly, I don’t mind as long as you don’t use too much… anyway, if we each buy drink and bread assortments from now on, our DP expenditure won’t change.”</div>
<div class="block">That probably suppressed her, seeing as how she fell silent.</div>
<div class="block">“Yay! Then get a bread assortment out at once!”<br/>
“Couldn’t you have gotten them yourself? You’ve also used DP from the menu right?”<br/>
“Eh? But, I’ve never seen [Assortment of Bread] or [Melon Bread] before you know? …Huh, there’s more? O~h, I can choose from [Black Bread], [White Bread] and [Melon Bread]! I didn’t know!”</div>
<div class="block">Hm? What?</div>
<div class="block">“Oi, say your choices again.”<br/>
“Eh? The three things are [Black Bread] [White Bread] and [Melon Bread]?”<br/>
“… … That’s it?”<br/>
“? Yeah, but what do you mean?”</div>
<div class="block">For my [Bread Assortment (5 DP)]… the choices are [Cream-filled Roll] [Bean Paste Roll] [Jam Roll] [Steamed Roll] [Apple Pie] [Deep-fried Bread], changing the DP.</div>
<div class="block">“Do you know what this is?”<br/>
“… Bread, right? What’s this, it’s the first time I’ve seen it shaped like this. I mean, the bread Kehma produces is wrapped in something transparent, can I eat that?”<br/>
“No, you don’t eat it. You tear the plastic open and eat what’s inside… by the way, this is called a [Bean Paste Roll]. Try it.”<br/>
“Eeeh, so this is called a [Bean Paste Roll]… nom…~~~! So good! [Bean Paste Rolls] are also amazing! Eeeh, there’s yellow stuff inside. Ooh, so good! What’s this, so good-”</div>
<div class="block">I thought of something and had passed her a [Cream-filled Roll].</div>
<div class="block">“Rokuko, look at the bread assortment menu again and see if your choices increased or not.”<br/>
“Eh? ‘Kay… There’s more. [Bean Paste Roll] was added. Eeeh, so something like this can happen too.”<br/>
“So next, take out a [Bean Paste Roll]. You can mix it with the melon bread.”<br/>
“Really!? Fufufu, then, half and half, three of each… fufu, fufufu!”<br/>
“Yeah, I’m taking a [Bean Paste Roll].”<br/>
“AAAAAAAH!?”</div>
<div class="block">Incidentally, when Rokuko took out the [Bread Assortment], I took a [Bean Paste Roll]… Yeah, that’s a [Cream-filled Roll]. Even the way it looked, it was a [Cream-filled Roll]. Additionally, it wasn’t reproduced with the plastic and was bare.</div>
<div class="block">“Sorry, Rokuko. That was a [Cream-filled Roll]. This one is a [Bean Paste Roll].”<br/>
“Eh, really? Heeh, so this is a [Bean Paste Roll]. Hehe, this one is red on the inside! … Super sweet! I love this one too! The genuine [Bean Paste Roll] is amazing!”</div>
<div class="block">Sorry for deceiving you again. That’s a [Jam Roll]. Strawberry jam.</div>
<div class="block">“It’s fine to take out another. Make it four [Cream-filled Rolls] and two [Bean Paste Rolls] this time.”<br/>
“What this, you want to please me that much? Aaah mou, Kehma is shining today! Four [Cream-filled Rolls] and two [Bean Paste Rolls]!”<br/>
“… Oh, what were your choices?”<br/>
“Eh? Ah, now that you mention it they increased again… Alright, I brought them out you know? Is it okay to eat them?”</div>
<div class="block">Seeing what Rokuko exchanged DP for, there were four [Cream-filled Rolls] and two [Jam Rolls].<br/>
… I see.<br/>
Apparently, it seems the DP menu’s priority is what the person themselves recognizes.<br/>
And likely, [What you don’t know isn’t on the menu].<br/>
Just looking to make sure, other than the missing plastic, only the name was incorrect.<br/>
Did she absorb it or something? Ah, that’s not it, but she does absorb trash every day… is it recognition after all?<br/>
Nevertheless, there’s a high possibility it’s not limited to things that exist in this world.<br/>
I’ve never seen a dragon even though it’s on the menu… though it could be a default thing for a dungeon master.<br/>
Though I wanted to verify it a little more, it became a hassle. I didn’t want to waste DP either.</div>
<div class="block">“It’s okay to eat right? Right?”<br/>
“Yeah, go for it… Alright, since that’s enough for four days, eat it carefully yeah? Split it with Gobsuke.”<br/>
“Hae-!?”</div>
<div class="block">Biting into a [Cream-filled Roll], Rokuko froze.<br/>
Don’t worry, even if you finish eating them today, I’ll share mine with Gobsuke. Though I won’t say it.</div>
    </body>
</html>
