<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
       <title>Ch03 - Figuring out the Situation</title>
       <link href="/styles/common.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>Ch03 - Figuring out the Situation</h1>
<div class="block">“Fuwaah, that was a good sleep… is hard to say. Ugh, my body hurts.”</div>
<div class="block">When I woke up and stood, my shoulders popped loudly.<br/>
Though the floor wasn’t cold and was slightly warm, it was hard and dimly emitted light. Not a good place to sleep in.</div>
<div class="block">“Gu—, f-finally you woke up Kehma!”<br/>
“Oh Rokuko, how long was I asleep?”<br/>
“You don’t know!? Six hours! Aah I can talk again.”</div>
<div class="block">Though I don’t know if time flows the same, but it seems that I slept for six hours for now.<br/>
The 4 DP that I saw before falling asleep became 34 DP.<br/>
… What’s the timetable for the bandit’s DP? I should probably give up on calculating the exact income based on their strength.</div>
<div class="block">“What time is it outside?”<br/>
“Seven in the morning! By the way, one day is twenty-four hours! Wait, why am I answering you!”<br/>
“I see, thanks. Say ‘nya’ at the end of your sentences.”<br/>
“Stop joking nya!”</div>
<div class="block">One day is twenty-four hours. By the way, it seems that one year is twelve months, three hundred sixty-five days in total. It’s good that it’s the same so it’s easy to remember.<br/>
Though I checked to make sure, I heard that what I can order the body to do on its own depends on my level.<br/>
Despite this being another world, since little girl does whatever I say if I were a lolicon there would be R-18 developments about right now.<br/>
I canceled the order for her to add stuff to the end of her sentences and for now reviewed the current situation once again.</div>
<div class="block">“What’s the state of the bandits?”<br/>
“They got up and left a bit ago. One person is staying here right now.<br/>
“Hmmm…”<br/>
“Well then, I’ll just summon a goblin then. Summon! 20 DP Goblin!”<br/>
“Huh?”</div>
<div class="block">A glowing magic formation appeared on the floor.<br/>
The magic formation’s light grew stronger and the moment it flashed a small person with an ugly green face appeared.<br/>
I wonder if it felt like this when I was summoned? Probably.</div>
<div class="block">“Alright!”<br/>
“It’s not alright!”<br/>
“Adah—!?”</div>
<div class="block">I hit Rokuko’s head with a thump.</div>
<div class="block">“W-what was that for! The endurance value doesn’t lower! I’ll break!”<br/>
“What are you using DP for on your own, idiot!”<br/>
“Hah? What’s wrong with me using my DP?”</div>
<div class="block">Ah, so this person is an idiot.</div>
<div class="block">“It’s not your DP anymore, it’s my DP. If you want to use it you need my permission, if you don’t want to die that is.”<br/>
“W-what, is that a threat!? If I die, Kehma also dies!”<br/>
“That’s right, if the dungeon core is destroyed I die as well. That’s why I said to not do things at your own convenience!”<br/>
“Ugu—… th-then, what now?”<br/>
“For now, teach me about the area around here… And can this goblin be returned?”<br/>
“It can’t. Well, it’ll give 2 DP if it’s killed in the dungeon though.”<br/>
“One tenth huh… I got it, let’s keep it for now.”</div>
<div class="block">First of all, I decided to give the goblin the order to wait in the corner of the room for now.<br/>
… Rather, this room is pretty big. Couldn’t it fit something about the size of a gymnasium in it?<br/>
No, if you consider that you can summon a dragon isn’t that much natural?</div>
<div class="block">“Well, let’s see, first of all this place is called the [Tsuia Mountain]… Incidentally, this dungeon is called the [Ordinary Cave]! Adventurers said so.”</div>
<div class="block">Is this place even considered a dungeon. Oi.<br/>
Thinking about it, this seems to be the dungeon for a name like that. It’s misleading.<br/>
Well, apart with the room lines with bricks, it does look like an ordinary cave…</div>
<div class="block">“You said something about adventurers?”<br/>
“It seems the humans made something called an adventurer guild. Though I don’t know how they’re different from knights, I don’t know.”</div>
<div class="block">There appeared to be knights as well. As for the difference, isn’t it just between being an individual and being part of a peace keeping group?<br/>
… If Rokuko only knows that general of information from hearing about it, don’t I know more about it?</div>
<div class="block">“Are there human towns nearby? If there’s a map show it to me.”<br/>
“You can see it on the menu.”</div>
<div class="block">I looked at the menu to check.<br/>
It seems that there is a nearby road going down the mountain. Perhaps the bandits’ aim is that?<br/>
When I fiddled with the scaling, topography information for the mountain appeared… However, at most I was able to understand the surroundings of the mountain. There’s a slightly large town nearby the Tsuia Mountain, and some distance beyond the mountain a sea.<br/>
Ah, so it seems in addition to the town there’s a few villages sprinkled about.<br/>
… By the way, this map felt very lackadaisical. No, more precisely I wished it provided distances. Well, it’s fine. It seems to be a map of the nearby area.</div>
<div class="block">“Hey~, not going to kill the bandits? It’ll be a ton of DP if you kill them you know? I feel that if you do it now, let’s see~, wouldn’t 200 DP come in?”</div>
<div class="block">That would be approximately like them staying twenty four hours for ten days, I’m told.</div>
<div class="block">“No, I still can’t handle the bandits yet.”<br/>
“Why? If it’s just one bandit… about ten goblins should be fine?”<br/>
“To gain 200 DP I’d have to invest 200 DP huh… in the first place aren’t you doubting that’s enough DP?”</div>
<div class="block">I mean, goblins look weak. Ten for a single bandit?</div>
<div class="block">“I’ll store up DP for a while. It would be a waste, there are better uses for it. Right now it would be better to not move clumsily and provoke them… Clumsily sending out goblins, wouldn’t they say [A goblin came out, let’s destroy the dungeon core!] ?”<br/>
“…! I didn’t think of that, Kehma is smart!”<br/>
“Rokuko is just stupid. So long as you understand what I say, it’s fine.”<br/>
“O-okay. Got it.”</div>
<div class="block">Now then, with this she won’t do anything on her own. Since I ordered her.</div>
<div class="block">“… Let’s see, next is the labyrinth? Making a room is… though it depends on the size, if it’s a small rock-faced room it’s 200 DP huh. Passages depend on the length, and traps are separate?”<br/>
“Yes! It’s better to summon monsters than to make rooms. That’s why I didn’t do it.”<br/>
“You can also obtain and place treasures with DP huh… ah, that’s why the pillow was in the treasure category.”<br/>
“That’s right, but is there any reason to place them? I would rather summon a monster to beat away intruders than use DP for something like tha-… wait, what’s with those eyes? They’re unpleasant.”</div>
<div class="block">Oops, I gave this person making an idiot of herself a disapproving gaze.</div>
<div class="block">“Yeah, well speaking of dungeons, rather than monsters you’d picture the image of traps and treasures.”<br/>
“Is that so? The other cores didn’t say anything like that you know?”<br/>
“… Now that you mention it, Rokuko said she was Dungeon Core No. 695. Are there 694 others?”<br/>
“I think the number decreased from lots of them dying from their cores being destroyed… the dungeon core is our heart.”<br/>
“It’s amazingly risky to leave your heart in nothing but a single room dungeon.”<br/>
“After all, the other cores said the amount of rooms didn’t matter!”</div>
<div class="block">“Fufun,” the blonde-haired loli boastfully threw out her chest that she didn’t have. That flat chest… maybe I should pat it?</div>
<div class="block">“You’re able to contact other cores?”<br/>
“Well, there’s a gathering. Though I wasn’t able to be there this time because of the intruders… we’re called together once a year… well, it’s like a party. A place to gather valuable info.”<br/>
“Heeh, so because of that you heard those things?”<br/>
“Yeah, Dungeon Core No. 89 Nee-sama said them. Since 89th Nee-sama is an amazing person with a dungeon in the middle of the imperial capital despite being a humanoid like me! Her number is two digits, her DP ranking is in the top ten, and always cares for me.”</div>
<div class="block">Isn’t she just cheating this girl?</div>
<div class="block">“Come to think of it, 89th Ane-sama got a dragon from 1000 DP gachapon.”<br/>
“That so~. Rather, I’m more interested in her being in the imperial capital or ranking though. For now we need deal with our current crisis somehow though.”<br/>
“That’s right. We can’t do—”</div>
<div class="block">“Guuu,” a sound rang out.<br/>
… Now that I think about it, I haven’t eaten anything since yesterday.</div>
<div class="block">“Duck, or rice… do you have food?”<br/>
“Eh? Ah, I see. Monsters eat huh~. I forgot since I don’t need to eat to live.”</div>
<div class="block">By the way, it seems that whenever a monster came she would always use all the DP she’d stocked up to summon goblins. Once or twice a month, adventurers would come to exterminate the goblins, mincing up their corpses and heading back.<br/>
And I seem to be treated the same as a monster. How rude.<br/>
I used 5 DP to summon bread and water, dividing it a bit with the goblin that was behaving itself in the corner of the room, then ate peacefully.</div>
    </body>
</html>
